Note on metrics monitor threshold value (#11740)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/create/types/metric.md

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Threshold" %}}

> * Trigger when the metric is `above`, `above or equal to`, `below`, or `below or equal to` (if value is between 0 and 1 a leading 0 is required, eg. 0.3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Trigger when the metric is `above`, `above or equal to`, `below`, or `below or equal to`. If the value is between zero and one, a leading zero is required. For example, `0.3`.
```
